h4. Selected reading on the Multiple-Criteria Analysis (MCA)

This directory contains the PDF files and references focused on various topics relevant for the MCA. The spotlight is on the MCMA (Multiple-CriteriaModel Analysis) and MCAA (Multiple-Criteria Analysis of Alternatives), the two complementary Web-based applications developed at IIASA, now maintained at the IIASA Energy Program.
Due to the copyright reasons, as well as the vast number of the MCA-related references, only the publications (co-)authored by the repository owner are posted/listed.

h5. Basics of mathematical modeling and integrated model analysis focused on the MCA
* extensive: dss_yssp.pdf: Model-based decision support methodology with environmental applications (Wierzbicki, Makowski, Wessels, 2000)
* compact: mm_jcp09.pdf: Management of attainable tradeoffs between conflicting goals (Makowski, 2009)


h5. Selected publications on the MCA

The titles/content of PDFs is listed in chronological order:
* WP-94-102.pdf: Methodology of MCA (Makowski, 1994)
* WP-94-112.pdf: Aspiration level approach (Nakayama, 1994)
* isaap.pdf: Interactive specification and analysis of aspiration-based preferences (Granat, Makowski, 1998)
* aez.pdf: MCA of land resources (Fischer, Granat, Makowski, 1998)
* eolss_mcma.pdf: Multi-objective decision support including sensitivity analysis (Makowski, 2001)
* dss_soft.pdf: Model-based decision support and soft computations (Makowski, Wierzbicki, 2003)
* ejor04.pdf: A structured modeling technology (Makowski, 2004)
* IR-07-025.pdf: Discrete decision problems with large number of criteria (Wierzbicki, Granat, Makowski, 2007)
* nakayama09.pdf: two pages from Nakayama's (2009) book with an example supporting the recommendation for avoiding using weighted-sum aggregation of criteria
* IR-09-022.pdf: User guide to MCA (Makowski, Granat, Ren, 2009)
* IR-09-023.pdf: Multiple-criteria analysis of discrete alternatives (Granat, Makowski, Ogryczak, 2009)
* IR-09-024.pdf: Overview of methods implemented in MCA (Makowski, Granat, Ogryczak, 2009)


h5. Recent publications on MCA applications to diverse energy models

Please consult the repository of publications co-authored by Marek Makowski at https://www.iiasa.ac.at/web/home/research/researchPrograms/Energy/Marek-Makowski.en.html , in particular for the following papers since 2012, listed in chronological order:
* (2012) The IIASA Energy-Multi Criteria Analysis Tool (ENE-MCA).
* (2012) Climate policies can help resolve energy security and air pollution challenge.
* (2013) Value measurement analysis of energy tradeoffs in South Africa.
* (2013) Climate policies can help resolve energy security and air pollution challenges.
* (2015) Multi-criteria analysis of nuclear power in the global energy system: Assessing trade-offs between simultaneously attainable economic, environmental and social goals.
* (2015) Robustness testing of model based multiple criteria decisions: fundamentals and applications.
* (2017) Climate policies can help resolve energy security and air pollution challenges.
* (2018) A multi-criteria model analysis framework for assessing integrated water-energy system transformation pathways.
* (2019) Incorporation of life cycle emissions and carbon price uncertainty into the supply chain network management of PVC production.

